1) What is Python? 
ANS :- Python is a widely-used general-purpose, high-level programming language. 

2) Is Python a compiled language or an interpreted language?
ANS :- Python is an interpreted programming language, supporting object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

3) ‘#’ is used to comment

4) What is the difference between a Mutable datatype and an Immutable data type?
ANS :- 
    Mutable data types can be edited i.e., they can change at runtime. Eg – List, Dictionary, etc.
    Immutable data types can not be edited i.e., they can not change at runtime. Eg – String, Tuple, etc.

5) What is the difference between a Set and Dictionary?
ANS :-
    The set is an unordered collection of data types that is iterable, mutable and has no duplicate elements.
    A dictionary in Python is an ordered collection of data values, used to store data values like a map.

6) What is the differentiate between List and Tuple?
ANS :- 
    Lists are Mutable datatype. Lists consume more memory.
    Tuples are Immutable datatype. Tuple consumes less memory as compared to the list.

7) What is List Comprehension? Give an Example.
ANS :- List comprehension is a syntax construction to ease the creation of a list based on existing iterable.
    my_list = [i for i in range(1, 10)]

8) What is Dictionary Comprehension? Give an Example
ANS :- Dictionary Comprehension is a syntax construction to ease the creation of a dictionary based on the existing iterable.
    my_dict = {i:i+7 for i in range(1, 10)}

9) Is Tuple Comprehension? If yes, how, and if not why?
ANS :- Tuple comprehension is not possible in Python because it will end up in a generator, not a tuple comprehension.

10)  What is a lambda function?
ANS :- A lambda function is an anonymous function. This function can have any number of parameters but, can have just one statement.
    a = lambda x, y : x*y
    print(a(7, 19))

11) What is the difference between / and // in Python?
ANS :- / represents precise division (result is a floating point number) [5//2 = 2]
    whereas // represents floor division (result is an integer).         [5/2 = 2.5]

12) How is Exceptional handling done in Python?
ANS :- There are 3 main keywords i.e. try, except, and finally. 
    Try is the block of a code that is monitored for errors. 
    Except block gets executed when an error occurs.
    The final block is to execute the code after trying for an error. This block gets executed of whether an error occurred or not.

13)  What is swapcase function in Python?
ANS :- It is a string’s function that converts all uppercase characters into lowercase and vice versa.
    string = "GeeksforGeeks"
    string.swapcase() ---> "gEEKSFORgEEKS"

14) What are *args and *kwargs?
ANS :- *args = Non-keyworded variable length argument
       *kwargs = keyworded variable length argument

15) What is docstring in Python?
ANS :- Python documentation strings (or docstrings) provide a convenient way of associating documentation with Python modules, functions, classes, and methods.
    Declaring Docstrings: 
        The docstrings are declared using ”’triple single quotes”’ or “””triple double quotes””” just below the class, method, or function declaration. 
    Accessing Docstrings: 
        The docstrings can be accessed using the __doc__ method of the object or using the help function.

16) What is a break, continue, and pass in Python? 
ANS :- 
    The break statement is used to terminate the loop or statement in which it is present.
    continue statement is opposite to that of the break statement, it forces to execute the next iteration of the loop.
    Pass means performing no operation.

17) What are Built-in data types in Python?
ANS :- [Integer, Floating number, Boolean, complex number.] [String, List, Tuple, range] [Dictionary] [Set]

18) What is the Difference Between a Shallow Copy and Deep Copy?
ANS :- 
    Deepcopy creates a different object and populates it with the child objects of the original object. 
    Therefore, changes in the original object are not reflected in the copy.
        copy.deepcopy() creates a Deep Copy.

    Shallow copy creates a different object and populates it with the references of the child objects within the original object. 
    Therefore, changes in the original object are reflected in the copy.
        copy.copy creates a Shallow Copy.

19) 
ANS :- ডেকোরেটর হল এমন একটা ফাংশন যা অন্য কোন ফাংশনের কার্যপরিধি কোন প্রকার মডিফিকেশন ছাড়াই এক্সটেন্ড করে। 
        ডেকোরেটর লেখার সিনট্যাক্স হল @decorator_name।

20) What are Iterators in Python?
ANS :-  Python iterator implements __itr__ and the next() method to iterate the stored elements. 
        We generally use loops to iterate over the collections (list, tuple) in Python.

21) What are Generators in Python?
ANS :- The generator is a way that specifies how to implement iterators.
        জেনারেটর একটা ফাংশন। এই ফাংশনের কাজ হল yield স্টেটমেন্ট ব্যবহার করে সিকুয়েন্স পয়দা করা। 
        এইদিক থেকে জেনারেটরও এক ধরনের ইটারেটর।

22) What is Polymorphism in Python?
ANS :- Polymorphism means the ability to take multiple forms.

23)  Define encapsulation in Python?
ANS :- Encapsulation means binding the code and the data together.

24)  How do you do data abstraction in Python?
ANS :- Data Abstraction is providing only the required details and hides the implementation from the world.

25) How is memory management done in Python?
ANS :- Python uses its private heap space to manage the memory. 
    Basically, all the objects and data structures are stored in the private heap space. 
    Even the programmer can not access this private space as the interpreter takes care of this space. 
    Python also has an inbuilt garbage collector, which recycles all the unused memory and frees the memory and makes it available to the heap space.

26) What is slicing in Python?
ANS :- Python Slicing is a string operation for extracting a part of the string, or some part of a list.

27) What is a namespace in Python?
ANS :- A namespace is a naming system used to make sure that names are unique to avoid naming conflicts.

28) What is PIP?
ANS :- PIP is a Python Installer Package. pip is a package manager for python. Which is also called Preferred Installer Program.

29) What are Pickling and Unpickling?
ANS :- "Pickling” is the process whereby a Python object hierarchy is converted into a byte stream, 
            pickle.dump()
     “unpickling” is the inverse operation, whereby a byte stream (from a binary file or bytes-like object) is converted back into an object hierarchy. 
        pickle.load()
30)  What is __init__() in Python?
ANS :- __init__ method in Python is used to initialize objects of a class. It is also called a constructor. 
    The __init__ method is called automatically whenever a new object is initiated. This method allocates memory to the new object as soon as it is created. 
    This method can also be used to initialize variables.

31) What are unit tests in Python?
ANS :- Unit Testing is the first level of software testing where the smallest testable parts of the software are tested. 
    This is used to validate that each unit of the software performs as designed. 
    The unit test framework is Python’s xUnit style framework. 
    The White Box Testing method is used for Unit testing.

